CREATE TABLE LIKE copies hidden columns (#12255)
cockroachdb/docs: v21.2/create-table.md

To exclude specifiers, use the `EXCLUDING` keyword. Excluding specifiers can be useful if you want to use `INCLUDING ALL`, and exclude just one or two specifiers. The last `INCLUDING`/`EXCLUDING` keyword for a given specifier takes priority.

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

> `CREATE TABLE LIKE` statements cannot copy [column families](column-families.html), [partitions](partitioning.html), and [foreign key constraints](foreign-key.html) from old tables. If you want these column qualifications in a new table, you must recreate them manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CREATE TABLE LIKE` statements cannot copy [column families](column-families.html), [partitions](partitioning.html), and [foreign key constraints](foreign-key.html) from other tables. If you want these column qualifications in a new table, you must recreate them manually.
```

Author: Done

> `CREATE TABLE LIKE` copies all hidden columns (e.g., the hidden [`crdb_region`](set-locality.html#crdb_region) column in multi-region databases) from old tables to new tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CREATE TABLE LIKE` copies all hidden columns (e.g., the hidden [`crdb_region`](set-locality.html#crdb_region) column in multi-region databases) from the existing table to the new table.
```

Author: Done
